interactive client is extremely slow !	"Some features, such as the history, are no longer available in the classic client.  We are now forced to use the interactive client.  However, the interactive client is extremely slow to load.  It takes 10 minutes to load !  I'm sorry, this is not acceptable.  What can be done to speed-up the load time?

Switching to the classic client and then back to the interarctive client in the same session (e.g. to see the history of a selected system) did not load at all.  I waited 20 minutes.  

FYI, our environment includes 6000 systems, 2000 projects and 25000 business mappings.  That is the real world of our international company.  I'm working remotely via VPN and have an effective download speed of 2 Mbps.  I'm using IE-11.

BTW, I tried to read the ""We've found solutions ..."" tips.  I clicked on the hyperlink, waited 5 minutes and nothing showed up.

Please advice on how to speed-up the loading of the interactive client.

Greetings, hannes"		Fault	iteraplan Support	19/Mar/17 8:02 PM	17/Jul/17 9:30 AM														"20/Mar/17 2:54 PM;cst;Dear Mr. Callisen, 

thank you for your inquiry.

The theme performance is really important for us. In the version 6.0 we want to improve the performance for the first login.
For this case it will be very helpful, when we would check the performance with a ""anonymoused"" dump from your database.

In the version 5.5 and big data, the loading time from the interactive client  can be very long, We have no work a round for this ""issues"" at the moment.

Greetings,

Christoph Stangl - iteraplan Support

 "	"21/Mar/17 7:25 PM;hannes.callisen@boehringer-ingelheim.com;FYI, your company already has a copy of our database .. it is a bit old but it has the volume and structure that you can use to test ...
"	"22/Mar/17 8:41 AM;cst;Thank you for your Information, I have now the old dump of your database. 
I will be check it and inform you when we have updated information for this behavior. 

Greetings,

Christoph Stangl - iteraplan Support"	22/Mar/17 8:47 AM;hannes.callisen@boehringer-ingelheim.com;alles klar ... danke																																																			
