Query extensions sometimes lead to unexpected results	"Example with our sample data:

The information system ""Account-Sys RB # 3.1"" is assigned to two IS-domains ""Core Apps"" and ""Centrally managed sys."".

If you want to create a query to get all information systems which are not assigned to the IS-domain ""Core Apps"", it seems normal to select the query extension ""Properties of assigned Information System Domains"" and to choose the restriction ""'Name' is not 'Core Apps'"".
But even executing a query like this, ""Account-Sys RB # 3.1"" is in the result set.

Only if you add a second restriction ""'Name' is not 'Centrally managed sys.'"" to the query extension, connected by a logical AND, ""Account-Sys RB # 3.1"" is excluded from the result set.

It seems the query separately evaluates each of the connected ISDs and if one of them fulfills the conditions of the query extension, the information system is added to the result set.

In this case this leads to unexpected results, but in other cases it's exactly as we want.
For example if you want to get all information systems which *are* assigned to ""Core Apps"", it is enough that one of the assigned ISDs fulfills the condition ""'Name' is 'Core Apps'"". If the evaluation would be changed so all connected elements need to fulfill the query extension's condition, even information systems which are connected to ""Core Apps"" will be excluded, if they are connected to any other ISD as well.

Please find a solution considering common use cases and implement it."		Improvement	iteraplan Thunderduck	08/May/13 8:58 AM	14/Sep/16 11:17 AM					extension	query								"06/Aug/13 4:20 PM;psc;wfr says: 
""not assigned to"" cannot be expressed in the query extension framework
only ""assigned to X where name is not Y"", and this is not equivalent.

So, the ""defect"" is at least that the query page is misleading, even to a formalisticly experienced user.
More like an improvement: document how (not) to use it for that kind of query, or enhance ""SQL: not in (sub select)""

"	25/Jun/14 4:39 PM;fka;Only document the current behaviour 	27/Aug/16 11:14 AM;fka;Clarify in user documentation for filter, only for new client	14/Sep/16 11:17 AM;mse;Review ok.																																																			
