Time Series: Failing to Store Changes While a Future Time Series Value Is Pending	"When trying to add a future value for a time series attribute an error messages is displayed as expected. This happens in the time series modification dialogue itself but also on the building block's edit page in case the dialogue box is closed by hitting 'OK' (should this actually happen this way?).

Since the false date-value pair is not removed from the form in the dialogue box the error condition persists and the changes cannot be saved. One needs to reopen the dialogue box to edit the time series attribute and remove the values manually from the form, hit 'OK', and then hit 'Save'.

This is not really convenient and might confuse users.

"		Improvement	iteraplan PO	17/Jun/13 1:07 PM	21/Jun/13 5:16 PM					attribute	gui	metamodel	timeseries						17/Jun/13 4:54 PM;sry;This is actually what I would expect to happen. What are your suggestions?	18/Jun/13 8:00 AM;aer;Remove the wrong future value when the dialogue box is closed so that the user can store the changes. If the user entered many time series values he/she probably thinks the changes cannot be saved at all and cancels the modifications. The user has to remove the date/value pair anyway so it can be done automatically.	"18/Jun/13 3:55 PM;wfr;As I remember the discussion with Stephan, this behavior is intended.

If the user enters a date/value pair with a incorrect date or value that the system cannot parse or that is otherwise in error 
then the system should indicate an error and leave the entered text as it is,
so that the user has the option to correct the text, either the text of the value or the date.

In addition, the user has the option to remove the entry alltogether, if the date was not mis-typed, but correctly typed but in the future.

This is preferred over a automatic removal, because in this case the user would have to remember which date she wanted to enter, or look it up in her notes, and would have to re-enter the text for date and/or value, instead of simply correcting the text in place.

Of course there might be cases when the user enters not only a item in an wrong way, for example with a typo, but one item too many, or a logically impossible item in the future. Is this case that important or frequent that we have to make an extra action ""clear this entry""?"	21/Jun/13 5:16 PM;sry;Closing, as the current behaviour is correct and consistent, in my opinion. If you skip one warning, you should not expect the system to fix it automatigically.																																																			
