Improve Masterplan Date Interval Coloring	"Currently, the bars of date intervals in the Masterplan Diagram are colored in accordance with the selected color attribute for their respective level (building block type). This makes the predefined date interval colours useless. The Masterplan Diagram should be modified to support two modes for each level:

Mode 1: Default Coloring
In this case, the runtime period bars are colored with the default color (grey) and the date interval bars are coloured in accordance with their persisted default colours. For the corresponding level no color legend is created.

Mode 2: Attribute Selection Coloring
In this mode, all bars belonging to a building block are colored in accordance with the assigned attribute value for an attribute selected by the user. A color legend is created for this masterplan level as usual.

To enable the two configuration options, the Masterplan UI should provide two radio buttons - ""default coloring"" and ""coloring by attribute"".

Also, the runtime period bar of the Masterplan Diagram should no longer be labelled with the name of the corresponding building block, but with a fixed ""Productive from to"" string instead. "		Improvement	iteraplan PO	21/Jun/13 5:37 PM	10/Jul/13 8:30 PM					dateinterval	diagram	masterplan							26/Jun/13 11:25 AM;bra;(/) works for svg and with saved queries.	26/Jun/13 11:29 AM;bra;(/) works, also for visio (sfe tested the visio part)	"04/Jul/13 11:09 AM;sry;Very nice so far.

Still, I have one more request for improving intuitivity. Please indent the highlighted part one level, so that it becomes clearer that this part belongs to the radio button above, and that both radio button forms a group.

Also, please add more spacing below the date pickers, as the next line belongs to a different configuration aspect already.

Thx!"	"09/Jul/13 10:45 AM;bra;(/) UI improved, looks better now.
(?) however, it is still hard to distinguish the different configuration aspects of one Level.
maybe we should additionally add some horizontal lines inbetween

sry: could you please give a comment on that?"	10/Jul/13 8:30 PM;sry;Good enough, thanks!																																																		
