Line Chart: wrong limitation for the selection of Building Block Type for a line chart	"When configuring a line chart, I can choose the Building Block Type which is to display in the diagram. But I don't understand why I get only 7 building block types?
I would understand if only this building block types are displayed, which have time series attributes. But no one of them has a time series attribute. So I think there is a bug.

Please change the implementation so that only those BB types are listed, which have at least one time-series-enabled attribute assigned."		Bug	iteraplan PO	01/Jul/13 4:02 PM	09/Jul/13 11:42 AM					visualization									"01/Jul/13 7:20 PM;smo;The content of the list of Building Block Types displayed in the drop down of the Line Chart is not a bug it relies on the following logic: Only those Building Block Types that have attributes which can have time series' are displayed, even if none of the time series attributes are set. 
Having all the Building block Types displayed would not make sense, because in the next step only the attributes, that can have time series' are shown, for that Building Block Type (so by choosing a Building Block Type, that doesn't have attributes that can have time series', in the second step the user will get an empty attribute list and that will not help him further).

As for the decision to show the Building Block Types that have attributes that can have time series' even if they are not set, it relies on analyzing the following situations:
* Assumption: Only the Building Block Types are shown that have attributes for which time series' are set; the user wants to see the Costs for IS but none of the attributes that can have time series' for IS have time series set -> IS does not appear in the BB Types list -> the user will have to think of going to set time series for the Costs in order to even see IS in the BB Types list (or he might just simply think a Line Chart can not be displayed for IS);
* The Building Block Types are shown that have attributes for which time series' can be set (even if they are not - the current situation): using the same example as above, the user sees IS in the BB Types list, chooses Costs in the next step and gets an empty diagram. In this case it is more likely that he thinks of setting the time series for Costs then in the previous situation.

Of course in the end it is all a matter of what the client thinks it's more intuitive and it can be changed at any time if the client wishes it."	09/Jul/13 11:42 AM;bra;(/) works as expected	10/Jul/13 9:37 PM;sry;Thx!																																																				
