Bulk update for "" fails	"I have some data that when loaded contained the value of an empty string rather than no value. Searching for ""no value"" returns no records. Searching for an empty string fails, with ""Please provide a valid value for this query or choose a value from the list of attribute values that have already been created for the queried attribute."" This happens both if I select (radio button) the text entry field and leave it blank, or if I select the blank line from the list of values, using either the ""contains"" or ""is"" operators.

If an empty string isn't a valid value, which I suspect is the case, then it should be treated identically to a ""no value""."		Bug	iteraplan PO	23/Jul/13 7:21 PM	05/Nov/13 4:39 PM					database	inconsistency								"05/Nov/13 4:36 PM;sry;Sorry for getting back so late, this must have slipped through while we were busy finishing iteraplan 3.1 end of July.
The issue came up because the Excel import functionality in iteraplan 3.0.x was buggy with respect to empty string values. It stored incorrect values into the database, thus leading to the behaviour you described.

You can clear up those incorrect database entries with the attached SQL scripts (pick the script suitable for your database).

I hope you'll see this issue resolved afterwards."	05/Nov/13 4:39 PM;sry;I should add that the bug in Excel import has been fixed in iteraplan 3.1 already.	06/Nov/13 10:56 PM;laird;Great. Is this script safe to run on Iteraplan 3.1 on MySQL?	"07/Nov/13 9:47 AM;sry;Yes, absolutely. The script removes all those DB entries for empty strings, and hence turns them into real ""no value assigned"" cases.
However, please be very sure that the SQL script is processed with the right encoding, UTF-8. It contains a few special characters, so it is vital that your database mgmt. utility interprets them correctly. For verification please take a look at the first few lines of the file with some sample characters."																																																			
