Diagrams in custom dashboards are colored / layouted incorrectly (Firefox only)	"A certain combination of diagrams in a custom dashboard template causes faulty display of some diagrams in the custom dashboard (see attached images). So far the combination of a cluster and a master plan diagram always reproduced the error while portfolio, landscape and info flow diagrams can't be blamed - as well as bar and pie charts. 

The issue seems to be independent of the chosen data (can be reproduced with any kind/number of selected building blocks and building block types) and only affects diagrams when several are used in a custom dashboards (using only one diagram is fine).

Browser Info:
FF 22 - issues as described
IE 10 - no issues at all
Chrome 28 - no dashboard at all ;)"		Bug	iteraplan PO	25/Jul/13 1:25 PM	13/Aug/13 4:19 PM					3.1.1-candidate	dashboard								"25/Jul/13 2:00 PM;wfr;0) Most important: can this problem be avoided by using a IE 8 or IE 9 or Chrome? Please note in detail how to work around.

Test for differences:

1) Does a single Bar Chart Diagram, when included within a Dashboard, show the defect? Or is it only if the Bar Chart Diagram is combined with another diagram in the same dashboard?

2) Does the Bar Chart Diagram in its stand alone version show the same (or similar) defects? Try with the same data as the dashboard, that is with the saved query of the dashboard, not with the query of the diagram.

3) Does the Bar Chart Diagram show the same defect when accessed by the Webservice interface, that is by its URL? Note that this diagram is the stand-alone veriant.

4) Same for other diagram types and their defects.

5) Are the problems deterministic or are there different defects in the diagrams?
"	"25/Jul/13 2:07 PM;dne;1) using only one diagram is fine for all types of visualization - including the bar chart diagram

2) Nope, all diagrams are perfectly fine in that case (same diagram, same config, same data)

3) Nope, all diagrams are perfectly fine in that case (same diagram, same config, same data)

4) No difference for other diagram types

5) Once the problem appears within a custom dashboard with a certain combination of diagrams it can be reproduced over and over again. Afaik always the same parts of a diagram are affected (i.e. same rows in a master plan diagram) but colors may vary."	06/Aug/13 1:59 PM;sry;pls investigate further, how this can be avoided. One workaround would be to embed PNGs instead of SVGs for FF, but I would prefer a cleaner solution which preserves the SVG advantages for FF.	"08/Aug/13 8:59 AM;isc;In this ticket several problems are described:

*Problem 1:*
In Chrome browser no graphics are displayed in dashboards. This also relates to the Safari browser.
This problem has been solved with the changeset 21050.

*Problem 2:*
SVG graphics influence each other in the dashboard. This has two causes.
1.	All graphics use patterns. The ID of these patterns is composed of a name and a continu-ous number. In each graphic, the ID may only occur once. But since several SVG files are displayed on a page, it may happen that there are several patterns with the same ID. Used is always the first pattern with the corresponding ID. Example of this is the figure „Dashboard + Master Plan.PNG“.
Solution: Linking the generation of IDs with a random generator.
2.	In any SVG graphic CSS are firmly defined. These all use the same name but differ in de-tail. The CSS are already defined in the templates for the various types of graphics. The last CSS is then used. The consequences are shown in the first two figures. Solution: use of prefixes for the CSS classes of the respective templates.
"	"09/Aug/13 11:38 AM;isc;In agreement with Steffen, svg graphics are now embedded in an iframe. This prevents that the graphics affect each other.
Hyperlinks in embeded SVG graphics only work with the ""Ctrl"" key.

Please test the changes with different graphics and also test it in different browsers (IE, FF, Chrome, Safari)
"	"13/Aug/13 4:19 PM;bra;looks good
(/) graphics do not influence each other any more
(/) chrome loads graphics successfully
(?) safari is to be checked
"	19/Sep/13 5:42 PM;sry;works fine, thx																																																
