GoJS Lizenz einspielen	"For more background on the following messages from the go.js support, ask: [~wfr]: E-Mail by GoJS support
Please try to act as instructed first.

----
Mail Mar 4 1651
----
Hello Team,

Since you purchased our (Mult-Domain) option, you will require these special instructions for use of GoJS on unlimited domains.

For Multi Domain OEM customers, we have a way of allowing Diagrams to draw on a page
delivered from any web server, without a watermark. For both internal and OEM
customers, the first step is the same: getting a copy of the ""go.js"" library
that is customized for their web site. But GoJS Multi Domain OEM licensees should go to:

    http://www.nwoods.com/app/activate.aspx?sku=gojs&serial=oem

In the case of the OEM license the web site domain should just be their own
corporate site’s domain, like “example.com”.

The additional step for GoJS OEM customers is to add a specific CSS class to
a .CSS file that applies to the page that the Diagram is in. This CSS class
definition is generated at the same time the customized ""go.js"" library is
created, and it is delivered in the e-mail that you get that tells you from
where you can download the custom ""go.js"" library.
Kind Regards,
Jason
----

This seems to outdate the previous mail, which was for non-multi-domain stuff

----
Mail Mar 4 1649 
----
Thank you for your purchase of GoJS from Northwoods Software.
A GoJS diagram will display a watermark unless its HTML page originates from a particular domain. If you need to distribute your application to your customer's websites, contact us for additional instructions.
To get a go.js library file for use on your web site, go to http://www.nwoods.com/app/activate.aspx?sku=gojs
and fill in the fields, including your web site's domain. The domain is typically something like ""example.com"".
You will get back an email with links to go.js and go-debug.js files that are customized to run without a watermark on that domain.

----"		Improvement	iteraplan PO	16/Apr/15 1:34 PM	23/Apr/15 11:00 AM					newClient									"22/Apr/15 2:34 PM;wfr;from Northwood by e-mail:
----
Northwoods Software Corporation License Certificate
For OEM License
Purchase Date: 3/4/2015             License Certificate No. i4671JS 
This certifies that Northwoods Software Corporation (""Northwoods"") has granted to the Licensee named below a non-exclusive license to use the Licensed Software identified below, upon and subject to the provisions of the Software License Agreement referenced below (""SLA"") and the License-Specific Terms. Subject to the foregoing and the provisions of the SLA, the License-Specific Terms are as follows:
Licensee:	  	iteratec GmbH 
Licensed Group:	  	iteratec GmbH 
Licensee Contact Name:	 	Wolfgang Frech 
Licensee Contact Email:	 	wolfgang.frech@iteratec.de

Address: 	 	Inselkammerstraße 4 
City: 	 	München-Unterhaching
State/Province:	 	
Postal/Zip Code:	 	82008
Country: 	 	Germany
 	 	 
Licensed Software:	 	GoJS
Type of License:	 	OEM License
License Term:	 	3 Year Term
Licensed Applications:	 	One Application 
Licensed Application End Users:	 	Not limited
Number of Developers:	 	3
Source Code Rights:	 	No
Licensed Domains:	 	Unlimited
Software License Agreement: www.nwoods.com/Sales/Info/LicensesAll/SoftwareLicenseAgreement20150106.pdf
"																																																						
