Select and action for NCD	"Summary:
Change Interaction-Concept from Secondary Click and context menu to select and action. Especially the two different context menus are supposed to be unintuitive. 
Both, single selection and multiple selection of elements should be possible. After selecting one or more elements, the corresponding possible actions will be shown. The way the actions could be shown, (e.g. in a menu-bar or shortcuts) should be discussed as well as if outer elements should be selectable together with inner elements.

As-Is:

Elements can`t be selected. It´s not obvious which context menu belongs to which content. The context menu in general is not very intuitive.

To-Be

In addition to the existing context menu (opend by secondary (right) click), the user can select elements and act on them.
The user selects and deselects with a primary (left) mouse click.
The user can select all elements of the diagram, including title and elements of the legend.
If selected, the element is shown as selected, for example by “raising” with drop shadows, or by any other kind of highlighting. Details to be discussed with visual designer.
The user can select multiple elements.
The user can deselect all selected elements.
- ad once
- individually

A textual note is displayed, that and how much und which elements are selected (to be discussed)

Elements to select are:

-	In the diagram content:
o	Outer boxes
o 	Nested outer outer boxes
o 	Inner boxes
o	Nested inner boxes

-	in the legend:
o	building block type for outer box
o	building block type for inner box
o	Path from outer to inner
o	Nesting relation for inner boxes
o	Nesting relation for outer boxes (later)
o 	Filter
o	Color setting for outer boxes:
- Boxes for a discrete enumeraton values
- Boxes for the color banding for percentage values

o	Color setting for inner boxes
-	Title

When an element is selected, the menu bar extends downwards to show a toolbar with appropriate actions for that element, of for all elements of that type.
-	For a outer or inner box, top level or nested:
o	Set/modify/remove coloring
o	Set/modify/remove filter
o	Move
o	Highlight

-	For a building block type …

If the user selects only elements of one type, …
If  the user selects elements of different types, for example a inner box and a coloring box in  the legend…

Different types of elements: Actions are displayed, but work only with the elements that really have that action. 

No dead ends in select/action. Select is always possible.
"		New Feature	iteraplan PO	12/May/15 3:46 PM	19/Jan/16 1:56 PM																																																																				
