Collapse enum values for coloring to "other"	"Situation before:

In a diagram (LSD, NCD), the user has already selected an enumeration attribute for coloring of a box of a (content) element.
The legend has a list of all values of the enumeration, with color values as background.

Step 1

The user selects all items in the legend that should be retained as single values.
The app bar now has the action “Collapse all other values”. 

Step 2 

The user selects the action above.
The legend now has only the selected values, and a new pseudo-value “other”.
The real values are still selected, “other” is not selected.
“other” has a default color value, just as undefined.

Step 3 (optional)

The user can change the color value of “other”, in the same way as for a real value.


Alternative, if the user wants to collapse only a few values and retain most values:

Step 1: The user selects the values to collapse.
Step 2: The user selects the action “collapse values”


Inverse action
The user can select the “other” value and “expand all values”. 
After expansion, the expanded values are all selected.


Modification of the set of collapsed  values

The user can expand “other” and modifiy the selection of values, that is deselect and select values.
Note that the expanded values are all selected.


Problem with very long list of values (100+): Out of scope for this ticket


For this ticket, the legend needs a multiple selection for values of an enumeration attribute.
The left click is now needed for select/deselect, so it cannot be used to open the color picker.
The color picker open action has to be moved to the app bar, and/or to a real context menu (that is by right click).


Terminology “collapse”, not “aggregate”

Please use the term “collapse” and avoid the term “aggregate”.
Collapse is more precise, because a set of values is replaced with a new, different pseudo-value “other”.
On the other hand, aggregate is misleading, because the values are not taken from different sources and put together in one place or set, where they are all present and distinguishable.


Technical design

For this ticket, it may be a good idea to put all functionality for “compute a color by a value” into one component.
It is not a must for this ticket, but the ticket is a good opportunity to clean up, if not done before.
"		New Feature	iteraplan PO	10/Jun/15 10:44 PM	19/Jan/16 4:06 PM					coloring	diagram																																																														
