Sort list view by columns	"Add a sorting to the list of information systems by all columns.

Initially, the list of information systems is sorted lexicographically ascending by the name column.

The name column is marked by a small icon (triangle pointing down).

When the user clicks a column header, the system displays a menu with the actions ""sort ascending"" and ""sort descending"". 
Note that this actions are an addition to existing actions for filtering.

For text columns, the sorting is lexicographical. 
For enumeration values as complexity or status, the sorting is in the defined order of the values within the enumeration.
For the prototype implementation the values and their order can be hard coded into the JS client. 

Out of the scope of this ticket: The order can be read from the iteraplan server.
Look there only for the definition of enumerations and values.

The ordering marker must be displayed in the column header, either ascending or descending.
The old ordering marker must be removed.

If the sorting is by a column other than name, the second sorting criterion must be by name always.
After that, the sorting should be stable, but this is optional.
The secondary sorting is not displayed by a marker or anything else.

The sorting and the filtering must work in combination.

Note that there is no ""unsorted"" mode for the list. The list is always sorted.

No animation for changing the sort order.

Filtering and sorting in the same context action menu will need some (preliminary) design. 
Click on the column header must display a compact menu of icons, so that the user can select the action with only one more click.
Ordering actions and filtering should be two groups in the action menu bar.

Maybe we need more visual design here."		New Feature	iteraplan PO	04/Aug/14 5:44 PM	18/Aug/14 4:20 PM														07/Aug/14 5:47 PM;sepr;rough estimate 1 PD	"18/Aug/14 4:20 PM;wfr;OK

minor: sort order is not alphabetical but:
* complexity: (nothing) < low < average < high
* status: target < planned < current < inactive"																																																					
