Nesting Cluster diagram - initial view	"Add an initial nesting cluster diagram for information systems grouped by information system domains.

When the user clicks the action ""Nesting Cluster"" in the screen ""Information Systems"" (list), the system displays a nesting cluster diagram with the currently displayed list of elements in an initial configuration.

Only the elements that are visible in the list are used as inner boxes in the diagram.

Title: ""Information System Domains with Information Systems""

For the outer boxes, all information system domains are used,
The outer boxes are sorted lexicographically, left to right and top to bottom.
The outer boxes all have the same background color (light gray, details to design).

No border color for outer or inner boxes.

Inner boxes are all Information Systems  that are releated to the IS Domain.
Note that this is a many-to-many relationship, so a IS can be an inner box in more than one ISD as outer box.

The inner boxes have all the same color, a slightly darger gray (details to design). No colors yet.

Inner boxes are sorted by name, left to right and top to bottom. 

Neither outer nor inner boxes are clustered, there are only two levels so far: outer and inner boxes.

The title of the inner boxes must be broken in to 2 or 3 lines, if it is too long for one line.
If possible, the breaks are at spaces. If not, the breaks should be ""hard"". Out of scope: word breaks with a lexicon.

Layout: to be discussed

Important: the layout in particular and the overall diagram generation must be very fast. 
The user should see the elements of the list as a diagram immediately.

Basic idea for layout
* inner and boxes are landscape-oriented rectangles.
* inner boxes have a fixed format, similar to a A-format, but less tall.
* inner boxes should be layed out so that the outer box has a similar aspect ratio as the inner box. Note that the outer box has a title in addition to the grid of inner boxes.
* outer boxes are layed out into rows, so that the resulting diagram is similar to an A-format.
* the last row of inner boxes in an outer box, and the last row of outer boxes can be incomplete.
* there is no extra packing/stacking  of outer boxes in a row, because the boxes have to follow a sorting order.
* the rows of outer boxes are arranged independently, outer boxes are not alligned vertically.

This leads to a fixed pattern for inner boxes in outer boxes:
1 inner box: trivial
2 inner boxes: one column
3 inner boxes: two lines, lower line incomplete
4 inner boxes: two complete lines
5 inner boxes: three lines, 
...

The diagram must be an embedded SVG element tree within the HTML document.
The SVG elements must be styled by CSS, not directly, just as HTML elements.
The SVG elements must be layed by computing their position in the view model.

The SVG elements must be grouped as they are displayed logically: 
* group with title text and rectangle (both for outer and inner boxes
* group for an outer box and its inner boxes."		New Feature	iteraplan PO	04/Aug/14 6:13 PM	18/Sep/14 3:45 PM														08/Aug/14 9:35 AM;sepr;rough estimate 7 PD	"14/Aug/14 9:02 AM;wfr;subtasks are OK

order/dependencies of subtasks

Start with ""create simple SVG"",
main task is ""make ... diagram in one color""
finishing/polishing is ""add colors""

"																																																					
