Filter elements in diagram	"Add an interaction for setting or changing the filter to the nesting cluster diagram.

User's view

Initially, the diagram contains all elements from the underlying list of information systems. If this list is filtered, the same filter is also applied when displaying the inner boxes. The filter setting itself not displayed explicitly. Note that in the list view, a filter is always displayed explicitly, either by a label or by text in the search box.

The user can click an inner box and gets a context menu with items to change the filter settings. 
If the user selects an item, the changed filter is applied immediatly and the diagram is redrawn.

If the list view has a text search filter, that is there is text in the search box and only matching elements are in the list,
then the context menu has a search box with the text and an active ""clear box"" icon as the first entry.
This search box and icon look exactly as the search box and icon in the list view, only as part of a menu.

The user can click in the search box, and edit the text in the box, or click the clear all icon.

If the list view has a filter by status or complexity, the menu has entries to clear or change the filter.
For example, if the filter is ""complexity = high"", then the menu has entries:
* clear filter on complexity
* complexity= low
* complexity= average

To be discussed during development: exact words for the menu entries.

If there are filters on two properties at the same time, the menu has two groups of entries, on for each property

If the list (and the diagram) do not have a filter for a property, for example ""status"", the menu must have an entry
""show only with status"" 
and a submenu with entries for each possible value: ""current"", ""planned"", and so on.

When an additional filter is applied, the layout of the diagram should stay the same, only the elements ""filtered out"" should disappear in a short transition.

When a filter criterion is removed, so that there are more elements, the elements should appear in a short transition.

Note: in the combination fo features, this is still quite easy, because the filters apply only to the inner boxes, and the order of the inner boxes is fixed.
So elements appear/disappear in the inner boxes, and outer boxes can grow or shrink."		New Feature	iteraplan PO	13/Aug/14 11:00 AM	29/Sep/14 9:55 AM														13/Aug/14 5:11 PM;wfr;est. 2 PD	"14/Aug/14 9:05 AM;wfr;Sketch on the context menu is OK. Thanks

Subtasks decomposition is OK. 
For the filters, I would write Jasmine tests to see that they work."																																																					
