Color by cost, continuous coloring	"Add an interaction to the outer and inner boxes to set the background color according to a numeric value of a property, for example ""cost"" and ""strategic value"".

(0) The system shows a nesting cluster diagram with some coloring, either static by architecture domain, or dynamic by complexity or status.

(1) The user clicks on the box (outer or inner).

(2) The system displays a context menu with (in addition to existing entries) a group with
* show complexity as color
* show strategic value as color

(3) The user clicks ""... complexity ..."" 

(4) The system changes the background color of all boxes (inner or outer, depending on (1)), to a color from the default color swatch.

The default color swatch is a sequence of 8 colors, starting at green and going to red. Fine design later with Tanya.
The value of an element is normalized to the range [minimum to maximum], and then the color is selected from the swatch.

Example: if the minimum of the cost property is 100 and the maximum is 1100, and on element has a cost of 500, then the normalized value is
(500 - 100) / (1100 - 100) * 100 = 40, on range from 0 to 100. 40 falls into the field for 37,5 to 50, that is the fourth field.
The min and max are computed over all IS in the diagram, that is not all elements in the data, but only after filtering.


Variants/additions, still in the scope of this ticket:

(a) Other property, strategic  value: same with different property.

(b) Use different swatch: 
If the diagram uses a continous coloring, the context menu has entries:
* colors from light to dark blue
* colors from green to blue

If the user selects one of these items, the background colors change, and the items change, so that the old coloring is displayed, and the current coloring is no longer displayed.

(c) Flip swatch
If the diagram uses a continuous coloring from green to red, the context menu has the entry:
* flip colors: from red to green

If selected, the system changes the colors (and the flip entry)

Note that the flip entry is always for the current coloring.


Later we may show the colors as colors and not only as words in the context menu, but not now in the scope of this ticket.
"		New Feature	iteraplan PO	13/Aug/14 2:11 PM	29/Sep/14 10:06 AM														14/Aug/14 8:48 AM;sepr;RE 2 PD	"14/Aug/14 9:35 AM;wfr;subtasks reasonable, OK

Note: I will have a look at the substask in the future, 
BUT I would not comment on them, or ""sign off"" on the decomposition.
I will raise my hand if  I find something strange, that might be the result of a misunderstanding.
But in the regular ""OK"" case, I will not write a comment.

So this means, that Sergii has not to wait for my comment, or that he could re-arrange the subtasks if he finds a better way to organize them.

I will mention that in the ""formal planning meeting 2""  "	29/Sep/14 10:06 AM;fka;Flip colors will be implemented seperately																																																				
