Filter by slider "changed in ..."	"For the nesting cluster diagram, add an interactive (A) filter _and_ (B) hightlighting by last modification date for the inner elements.

(0) Initially, the system displays a NC diagram with IS as inner elements and some grouping and some coloring.

(A) Filtering/Selection

(1) In the context element of the inner box, the user selects ""Show only modfied in ..."" (Note: elipsis)
(2) The system shows a slider, right of the diagram title.
The slider has to thumbs, start and end.
The left end of the slider is the minimum modification date of all IS in the diagram, the right end is the maximum.
The start and end thumb are at the left and right end position, respectively
For the left and right thumb, the sytem shows the selected date as text.
(The left end and right end dates are not shown as an extra text. If the user wants to see them, he has to move the thumb to that position.)

(3) The user can move the the start or end thumb, but they cannot cross over. So start is before or equal to end.

(4) The system interactively shows only the matching elements, that is those IS with a modification date within the selection date interval.

(B)
As before, but
(1) ... action ""Highlight all modified in ...""

(4) The system highlights all matching elements. (But still shows all other elements, too).

Note that the filtering and highlighting should have smooth transitions, as far as possible with CSS.


In the exported diagram (SVG, PDF, ...) the slider must be visible. "		New Feature	iteraplan PO	17/Sep/14 5:58 PM	09/Jun/15 5:05 PM														18/Sep/14 9:49 AM;sepr;Est 3 PD	"26/Sep/14 5:10 PM;wfr;2 date pickers instead of slider.

on top right corner of visible part of diagram (instead of exactly right of the diagram title)

informally: part of the menu bar, visually reaching down into the content area.

slider may overlap diagram if scrolled down"	09/Oct/14 9:45 AM;wfr;Cannot use arrow buttons in the date _text_ fields. Only double click for select works, but not left/right.																																																				
