Demo improvements	"1. Make dynamic title in breadcrumbs and title
2. Move name error messages to right and change the texts
3. Make state of health optional adding an item 'No value'
4. Make description multiline
5. Make validation for numeric values: only numbers and (dot). No other symbols allowed at all even to enter

---- notes ----

On #89 single item view:
To be: The title of the view in the menu bar should be the name of the information system.
As is: a constant title “information system” or “200” (return code?)


On #101 edit name
To be: validation message should say the specific reason, for example “Must not contain a colon” or “Must contain a hash sign”.
For a list, see in the ticket in the list under para “to (4)”.
As is: constant message: “Value in field is incorrect”.

To be: Message text should be to the right of the field, no below. Other elements in the screen should not shift down.
As is: Message text is below, rest of the screen shifts down.

To be: invalid value blocks leaving the edit mode.
As is: invalid values should be accepted but marked as invalid. The user should be able to edit another field.

To be: values should be validated during edit, after each keypress, and a message displayed if invalid.
As is: values are validated when leaving the the element (“on blur”).

For the sequence of steps, see the ticket description.

Note that the notes above refer to other tickets on validation as well.


On #103 edit state of health (dropdown)
To be: additional entry “no value”, because attribute is optional.
As is: only entries for the values, user cannot delete or “unset” the value.


On #104 edit description
To be: in the single item view, the description should have line breaks in both view and edit mode.
As is: the description has only line breaks in edit mode, but not in view mode.


Note that the view mode shall _not_ render the wiki annotations, as the traditional iteraplan web UI does. 
So asterisk (“*”) characters are OK.
Wiki syntax will be added for a production client in a later ticket.


On #105: edit numeric property “strategic value”.
To be: the system should ignore (swallow) invalid characters, and display only changes with valid keystrokes.
As is: the system accepts invalid characters and later fails at validation.


On #108, #109, #110 edit name, description, status, complexity
We leave the existing implementation with the “open or edit” context menu for the time being.
The implementation is exactly as in the tickets, so totally correct understanding.
Changes may come later when we polish the user interaction.

---- end of notes ----
"		New Feature	iteraplan PO	17/Sep/14 2:20 PM	09/Oct/14 9:49 AM														"17/Sep/14 4:05 PM;wfr;Leave wiki text as single line in view mode.
Defer removal of complex white space to extra ticket, that is: later."																																																						
