Update seal data via mass update or REST API	Is it possible to update/set the seal using mass update or REST API		Technical question	iteraplan Support	20/Sep/16 11:35 AM	26/Sep/16 8:35 AM														"20/Sep/16 11:56 AM;cst;Dear Mr. Liskow, 

thank you for your enquiry.

No it is not possible to update/set the seal with using the mass update or REST API. 
The function ""seal"" must be done on the gui.

Greetings,

Christoph Stangl - iteraplan Support "	"20/Sep/16 1:31 PM;thomas.liskow@coface.com;Hello Mr. Stangl, 

Thanks for your quick answer. Is there a plan to integrate it in mass update or REST API?
Or do you have a reason for the gui only entry?

Kind regards
T. Liskow"	"21/Sep/16 10:31 AM;cst;Hello Mr. Liskow,

thank you for your reply. 

There is at the moment no plan to integrate a mass update for the seal function. 
In the future it can be possible, with the change to the interactive client, that this feature is removed.  

What are you requirements for a similar feature in the interactive client?

Greetings,

Christoph Stangl - iteraplan Support
"	"21/Sep/16 11:05 AM;thomas.liskow@coface.com;Hello Mr. Stangl,

We use it for our rolling Quality Audit on InformationSystems. With such a feature it is easy to validate these building blocks every year and see whether there were changes on them.

So the requirements are:
1. Have a validation marker (with date and comment) which outdated after a configurable time. Maybe also for other building blocks than InformationSystems.
2. Each change on the building block should set this marker to invalid. This as a default behavior but having the configuration possibility to exclude attributes or relations.
3. The possibility for bulk updating this validation marker especially necessary when starting with EA activities. 

Today we are very comfortable with this feature and it would be a regress to loose it.

Kind regards;
Thomas Liskow"	"26/Sep/16 8:35 AM;cst;Dear Mr. Liskow,



thank you for your feedback. 



We are going to check these points for future updates. 



Greetings,



Christoph Stangl - iteraplan Support "																																																		
