Will partiel import evolve to not delete unspecified parent-child links	"Guten Tag

I have receive your answer and read Iteraplan 5.1 guide for this use case:

For Example, if in Iteraplan 5.1  I have:

•	An information System level 1 : X

•	These information systems level2 : X1, X2, X3, X4 all children of X

•	This information system level3: X3A children of X3

If in the Excel file (the Empty Metamodel export) filled with X, X3, X3A for importing.( I want to leave X1, X2, X4 as is).

It update X, X3, X3A, but X1, X2, X4 have lost the link with parent X.



X1, X2, X4 shouldn't have to be present in the excel because I want tham as keeping their parent X.



Do you plan to have a additive strategy without side effects of deleting.



I can't make excel import partial with blocks involved in hierarchy.

My solution is to use REST API that I hope won't have additive strategy with hidden deletion.



Danke



"		Technical question	iteraplan Support	27/Jul/16 3:25 PM	27/Aug/16 7:00 AM														"28/Jul/16 12:01 PM;msr;Bon matin M. Desjardins.

We'd like to support you and help you to get the results in iteraplan that you expect.

First of all, the REST API uses the same import strategies like the user interface. So, the REST API will have the same effect.
And the import strategies will not change during the next releases because we now focus on finishing the implementation of the new interactive client in iteraplan. But if this is a major issue, please post a new demand to our iteraplan forum at https://forum.iteraplan.de/forum/client-area/new-features .

I'd like to explain you why this strategy can also delete the parent-child-relationship. The reason is that if you want to *add* an element to the top-level hierarchy you need to *remove* its parent-child-relationship. This is the behaviour of the classic iteraplan import (from about version 3.0) and did not change since then. When import strategies have been added in a later version, this classic import was renamed to ""additive"" strategy. I agree the naming ""additive"" is not ideal.

h3. Finally, how to help you with your use case?
Coming back to your example. I understand, you want to add new parents for X3, X3A. Therefore, you need to have to row of X, because you can only update relations with elements present in your excel import file.
If I understand your use case correctly, I would do the following:
* Download a full model or if possible a partial model (if you have fitting filter criterion). 
* Update the cells you'd like to update
* Do not touch any other cell - irrespective if it is filled or not
* Upload the updated file with the additive import strategy
* the result is, that only the updates you wanted, have been added. No relation was deleted, because you did not touch the existing relations.

Did I understand your use case correctly?

Regards"	"28/Jul/16 4:05 PM;benoit.desjardins@loto-quebec.com;Guten Tag

Thank you for all your answers I reallyh appreciate. I wil give you a precision.
In my precise case I don't want to modify any parent-child. We have many Information System. So X is parent of X1, X2, X3, X4 and X3 is parent of X3A. We want to import modifications for 4 attributes of a subset of our systems that can be at any level of hierarchy. So lets say that I obtain from my colleagues au subset in Excel having (for this example) X, X3, X3A and I wish to import it without any modification to X1, X2, X4. I know that I could merge the subset Inside a full export and reimport. But I would have like to simply import what I specify without side effects. Beacause I didn'explicitly specify any parent-child change.

With REST API I will test my precise case with my team (mostly at end of august). But it seems to work correctly on a similar case (infrastructure elements) without deleting parent-child we didn't specify.I let you know.

Danke"	"28/Jul/16 4:20 PM;msr;Bonjour M. Desjardins.

I'm really interested what your results are from the REST API.

Another thought: If you do not want to modify any parent-child relationship, why don't you delete this column? All missing columns are fully ignored.

Regards,"	"29/Jul/16 6:00 PM;benoit.desjardins@loto-quebec.com;Guten Tag
I tried to limit the Excel with deleting the parent column and also the last colomn that is calculated (the path). You can see these 2 files and the parent is lost even if I didn't specify something like that.
Danke

[^Test Import 001 2016-07-29.xlsx] _(61 kB)_

[^Import screens.docx] _(84 kB)_"	"03/Aug/16 1:11 PM;cst;Bonjour M. Desjardins.

We are checking your problem at the moment.
At the start of the next week, we send you a answer to your last comment. 

Best regards and thank you for your patience,

Christoph Stangl - iteraplan Support 
"	"08/Aug/16 8:43 AM;cst;Bonjour M. Desjardins.



Thank you for your patience.



We tested the Import with a similar Excel file. 



Deleting the parent column, has no effect during the import. He loses the parent-child relationships.

This error is a known bug of the version 5.1 and was fixed in version 5.2 of iteraplan. 



Would you update please on iteraplan 5.2, then the import ignores the deleted column. 



Greetings, 



Christoph Stangl - iteraplan Support"																																																	
