Improve Handling of not existing or not permitted types in Diagrams	"Each diagram has 

-        A default configuration for a given main type, if navigated to from a list of a given type

-        A default configuration with a default main type, if navigated to from the home screen



The default configuration for a given main type can use other types (typically adjacent to the main type).

If these other types are not available (because of the users’s role), they are substituted by available types or other options (for example properties instead of elements as axis in a LSD)

If no substitution is possible, the diagram is replaced by an “empty state” placeholder.

In the empty state, the user can still navigate back to the list, or change the diagram configuration.



The default configuration with a main type is one of the default configurations above, starting with a default type.

For example, a LSD can start with main type IS, then try TC, and so on.

Instead of showing a “empty state”, the next type in a list of possible default types is tried.

If the last default type in the list does not lead to a diagram, the “empty state” placeholder is displayed, as above.



Notes:

The required number of types (or relationships) for a concrete diagram other than the main type depend on the diagram type. For example, an LSD needs two relationships, a NCD only one, a MPD none.

The list of default types depend on the diagram type. For example, a LSD may have IS as the prio 1 default type and TC as prio 2, but a NCD may have a different list.

The default type list of a given diagram may contain not all types.



The handling of missing types for a fully configured diagram is a different (if somewhat similar) problem. 

A configured diagram must never be silently substituted by a “possible” configuration, but must lead to an explicit message or “empty state”."		Improvement	iteraplan PO	13/May/16 3:00 PM																																																																					
